Improve documentation for account and project management with Argo/GPT4o (#567)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/account-project-management/accounts-and-access/accounts-and-access-faqs.md

If you never had an ALCF account, please apply for one here: [https://my.alcf.anl.gov/accounts/#/accountRequest](https://my.alcf.anl.gov/accounts/#/accountRequest). Note that all ALCF accounts must be associated with a project with an active allocation.

## How do I request a new project/allocation?
There are three allocation opportunities at ALCF. Please see "How to Get an Allocation" on how to get time on our systems.

## Who do I contact if my Discretionary Project Allocation expires or if I need to request additional hours?
To request an extension of your existing discretionary allocation or to request additional hours, please email support@alcf.anl.gov with answers to the following or fill out the form to request an extension/additional hours:
- What have you accomplished with your original allocation?
  - Please include a brief description of any publications or major presentations that were (or will be) generated in full or in part because of this allocation.
- What will you do with the extra time?
- What are you requesting as your new expiration date?
- How many additional hours are you requesting?

## How do I join a project?

> To join a project, please go to [https://my.alcf.anl.gov/](https://my.alcf.anl.gov/), then click "join a project." Once there, scroll down to the project you want to join and click on it. At the bottom of the next page, please click on the "Request Membership" button. Once we receive approval from the PI regarding your membership request, we will provide you with access to the necessary resources.

Reviewer: this description is out-of-date. Only the URL was updated when MyALCF was launched

> To join a project, please go to [https://my.alcf.anl.gov/](https://my.alcf.anl.gov/), then click "join a project." Once there, scroll down to the project you want to join and click on it. At the bottom of the next page, please click on the "Request Membership" button. Once we receive approval from the PI regarding your membership request, we will provide you with access to the necessary resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join a project, please go to [https://my.alcf.anl.gov/](https://my.alcf.anl.gov/), login then click the "Project & Resources" dropdown on the left sidebar. Next, select "Join project". Once there, search and scroll down to the project you want to join and click on the. At the bottom of the next page, please click on the "Request Membership" button. Once we receive approval from the PI regarding your membership request, we will provide you with access to the necessary resources.
```

## What do I do when I receive a warning that my 593 has expired / is about to expire?
If you are planning to extend this assignment/computer user account, please let us know, so a new 593 (Foreign Visit & Assignment Request form) will be filed for you using the information from before. In case any other documents are needed from your end, you'll be contacted as necessary. In order to allow sufficient time for an indices check, it is recommended that your response be submitted as soon as possible.

> If you are not planning to extend your account, also let us know so that we may close out your records.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this the recommended practice.

Reviewer: moving this to a separate issue, along with other potentially out-of-date content
